Update endpoint-dlp-learn-about.md (#3329)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/compliance/endpoint-dlp-learn-about.md

- PDF files
- .csv files
- .tsv files
- .txt files
- .rtf files
- .c files
- .class files
- .cpp files
- .cs files
- .h files
- .java files

> [!NOTE]

> > Endpoint DLP evaluate files of all the above types against the DLP policy and applies protection actions accordingly. All files that match a DLP policy are audited for all supported actions, even if they aren't blocked. In addition, file activity performed on any Word, PowerPoint, Excel, PDF and .csv file are audited by default, indepedent of whether a DLP policy exists or matches these files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Endpoint DLP evaluates files of all the above types against the DLP policy and applies protection actions accordingly. All files that match a DLP policy are audited for all supported actions, even if they aren't blocked. In addition, file activity performed on any Word, PowerPoint, Excel, PDF, and .csv file is audited by default, independent of whether a DLP policy exists or matches these files.
```
